it's no secret that I struggle with
sleep at least at night and ever since
the birth of my firstborn back in 2012
I've resorted to using earphones to help
me catch some z's but everything that
I've ever used has at least one flaw
Wireless has been a big Improvement I
used to chew through Sennheiser ie80s
and cables like Tic Tacs but even with
those I've still dealt with Comfort
issues retention issues and accidental
touch control activations in the middle
of the night even my current daily
drivers have a fatal flaw they only last
about 5 hours before needing to be
Juiced in their charging case Oslo who
reached out to sponsor this LTT video
claims that their new product addresses
all of my issues bold but I've also been
using them for a couple of days and
while I wouldn't call them perfect I
will say that they've the best feature
set that I've seen so far these little
guys are the appropriately named sleep
buds they don't get a feature film about
a dog but these tiny buds are packed
with special features that might make
them less ideal for daily use earphones
but perfect for folks that are trying to
get a better night's sleep let's take a
look at what's included obviously you
won't get quite the level of care
package that we
did hoodie handwritten
note is this pills ah calming pillow
Mist but what you will get is this well
this the smart case which has some cool
features we'll get into later the Sleep
buds the El four sets of ear tips
including the ones that are
pre-installed a USBC cable and a
delicious
snack oh never actually put them in my
mouth before don't do that it's the tips
that address the number one issue for a
lot of people comfort and retention
other earbuds do include silicone tips
but there's often still a part of them
that comes in contact with your skin
that's made of harder materials
especially if you're a s side sleeper
like me not the case here and the super
low profile of the earbuds themselves
helps to reduce the pressure that you
feel on your ear as well movie Magic big
reveal time I've already been using
these for sleeping but um sure let's put
them in and and and try them on
camera okay this is really not
representative this pillow is so thick
do we have anything that's more like a
normal pillow anything would be
comfortable with this convenient ear
donut they isolate shockingly well I
don't even have anything playing through
them right now and I think you said LT
something pillow yeah I was going say
the N oh you got the backpack back there
here we go can confirm they are flat
also can confirm they are
extraordinarily difficult to get out of
your
ears like you got to you got to really
want to get them out of there reach in
grab the little silicone anchor piece
and pull them out but make no mistake
that's not a bad thing the comfort is
really solid like something shoved in
your ear canal is always going to feel
like there's something in your ear canal
especially if you're not used to it but
this is about as good as I felt and more
importantly they have not fallen out
overnight yet my daily driver airpod Pro
2os on the other hand fall out at least
three times a week while sleeping Elijah
who wrote this video and also has
sleeping issues tried using these Buds
and his first thought was he forgot they
were in when he woke up because they
didn't press against his ear and they
stayed in all night it's a pretty
similar system to what I've seen on some
workout buds but way less bulky let's
take the silicone tip off though and
look at the device
itself there you
go that's it I think I've eaten pieces
of corn that are bigger than that they
are less than 1 cm wide in each
Direction and my first thought after
seeing these was they're probably going
to sound like hot poo poo but they don't
they're not streets ahead of audio file
headphones or anything but the sound
quality is reflective of the team that
built them a group of x Bose Engineers
who worked on the now discontinued Bose
sleep buds which might explain the uh
very similar looks now a small elephant
in the room is the lack of active noise
cancellation given that Bose is known to
be a leader in the space and Oslo worked
with Bose on licensing technology for
this product we wanted to understand why
the decision was made to leave it out
when we jumped on a call with the
engineers they explained that while
canceling as much noise as possible can
help with focusing on work sleeping with
noise cancellation has been found to
wake people up more in the middle of the
night than something like a white noise
machine for my part though I suspect it
has more to do with maintaining the
small form factor and with maximizing
battery life and after using them I
actually don't mind the trade-off the
Sleep Beds create a very good seal in
the ear canal which combined with their
selection of ambient noises helps to
very effectively muffle outside sound
it's so effective that I can't put them
in until Pillow Talk is 100% over
because I will definitely miss that one
last good night I love you which is
going to earn me a shove in the backside
I love you too hun it was the Sleep buds
anyway your selected ambient noise gets
loaded onto the Sleep buds themselves as
a Vancouver boy I'm partial to Misty
Rain but there's also fir crackling and
a variety of other Brown noises which
yes is what they're called the exact
noises are not the important part right
now though since they're working on
adding more the big deal is the part
about the sound being stored locally
after you paired the Sleep buds to your
phone this functionality allows the
Sleep buds to be used in two ways
Standalone with no connection to your
phone or the same way that I use my
regular Bluetooth earphones which is
typically to listen to reruns of
Adventure Time until I fall asleep after
that things get super cool the Sleep
buds will detect if your media playback
stops for some reason Plex or it'll use
its onboard sensors to Det determine if
you've fallen asleep and it will switch
over to your selected ambient audio
track and so far it's been working a
treat for me the well the first night I
actually got woken up by my Ambient
sound but I have since determined that
that was a skill issue I didn't dial in
the volume before going to bed so the
sudden loud fir crackling sound which I
also didn't configure on the first night
a little
alarming the other major stumbling block
I hit was Bluetooth connectivity issues
but once again it was down to not fully
understanding the product in order to
achieve their impressive and personally
validated 10hour battery life Oslo is
using Bluetooth LE or low energy the
problem is that while many modern
chipsets do support Bluetooth LE some
phone makers notably Apple have not yet
chosen to enable it in their firmware so
Oslo is using kind of a hacky workaround
the Sleep buds connect to your case
using Bluetooth l
and then the case connects to your phone
using whatever your phone supports so I
had some range issues when I was close
to my phone but not close to the case
and also when I put my arm over my face
like this but um there's no fix for that
issue because water is not good your
body's full of water since we're on the
subject of the case the Sleep buds
magnetically snap in for charging taking
about two and a half hours to reach a
full charge and the case features light
noise and temperature sensors that for
now will only detect when you're
sleeping to do that audio switch over
thing but for the future Oslo plans to
expand the information they look for so
it'll be able to tell you if an
ambulance drove by your window at 2: in
the morning which caused you to wake up
and it wasn't your stupid brain's fault
that's not here yet but they're hoping
to roll it out soon and they have
committed that there will be no
subscription fee for the functionality
absolute bro move now there have been so
many products pitched to us in the past
that claim Better Health monitoring or
better lifestyle that we've turned down
or we've discontinued our partnership
with because they have an outrageous or
deceptive subscription model so it was
pretty refreshing to hear the CEO say
that quote they are pretty committed
that the hardware the noise masking
library and the sleep tracking are all
part of the purchase price that doesn't
mean there will never be a subscription
but it does seem to at least indicate
that you get to keep the functionality
you paid for without getting rug pulled
I hate that that's a w these days but it
kind of is I also appreciate the W of
being able to highlight both what's good
and what's imperfect about these in
spite of the sponsored nature of this
video Oslo is not hiding that these are
not a replacement for your fruit
flavored ear beans the lack of on device
volume control in particular is a bit of
a downer for me and they don't expect me
to say that I magically got an
uninterrupted 8 hours with sleep buds
what I will say though is that for the
type of sleep aid that I need which
which is comfortable all night noise
blocking these are solid and I can see
why so many people were jazzed to see
the Sleep buds return if you guys
enjoyed this video maybe check out the
time that Alex and I tried to build a
temperature controlled mattress topper